[ZT] Add Gateway policy examples (#8472)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/api-terraform/gateway-api-examples/_index.md

---
type: overview
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Gateway API examples
weight: 2
layout: list
---

# Gateway API examples

> Gateway users can create DNS, network, and HTTP policies, including policies with multiple traffic, identity, and device posture conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Cloudflare Gateway API to create DNS, network, and HTTP policies, including policies with multiple traffic, identity, and device posture conditions.
```

Reviewer: Usually "users" = eyeballs.
Should also update the Access examples page.
